ummmm
Mmm
mm
ha ha
Mm
ah
ha (***)
oh wow
oh
the bus was running
in the midnight
ha ha ha
ummmm
Mmm
however (***) by yourself
(***)Yeah ohhh
You (***)
where would you like to go
is this your firs trip
Mm why in Japan
uh haaaaaa
(***) because (***)
oh
nice
so they (***) at the same price
oh the movie
ha ha ha
ha ha ha i i just heard (***)
there is a (***) the Hobbits hotel
so expansible (***)
yeah
i think so we can, yeah even (***) three four five
hundred maybe more in that (***) you (***)
somebody i think made it
yeah
however (***) yeah
Yeah
ohh
(***) small
he he was (***) mmm
maybe yeah
yeah
i want to go (***) Jamaica
ha ha ha ha
Looks so much fun the people fun
yeah and (***) running (*** ) Jamaica  ha ha ha
the (***) ha ha ha
yeah i know this is dangerous city ha ha ha
ha ha ha
yeah
oh she is going
this summer without me
that's right